README-api.md, before:


# Server and Rules APIs
This README file provides an overview and instructions for using the Servers And Rules APIs.We can utilize this document to consume these APIs using a tool like Postman.

## Authentication
The API uses API keys for authentication. To authenticate your requests, include your API key in the Authorization header as follows:
Authorization: Bearer YOUR_API_KEY

Use this API to get your API key with valid credentials: 
```http
/api/user/login
```
## Endpoints
The servers APIs provide the following endpoints:
```http
/api/servers
/api/servers/{id}
```

The rules APIs provide the following endpoints:
```http
api/rules
api/rules/{id}
```

## API Reference

### Server APIs

```http 
  GET /api/servers
```
| Parameter | Description     | Response                |
| :-------- | :------- | :------------------------- |
| `none` | `Retrieves a list of all servers ` | `Status Code:- 200 OK, Returned a list of all servers data.` |


<img src="https://github.com/bwalia/whitefalcon/blob/main/images/GetAllServers.png" alt="Get servers" width="600" height="350">


```http
  GET /api/servers/{id}
```
| Parameter | Description     | Response                |
| :-------- | :------- | :------------------------- |
| `id` | `Retrieves information about a specific server ` | `Status Code:- 200 OK, Returned information about a specific server` |


<img src="https://github.com/bwalia/whitefalcon/blob/main/images/GetSingleServer.png" alt="Get single server" width="600" height="350">


```http
  POST /api/servers/
```
| Parameter | Description     | Response                |
| :-------- | :------- | :------------------------- |
| `Listen, server_name required in request body` | `Creates a new server. ` | `Status Code:- 200 OK, Created a new server` |


<img src="https://github.com/bwalia/whitefalcon/blob/main/images/CreateServer.png" alt="create server" width="600" height="350">


```http
  PUT /api/servers/{id}
```
| Parameter | Description     | Response                |
| :-------- | :------- | :------------------------- |
| `id` | `Updates an existing server. ` | `Status Code:- 200 OK, Updated an existing server` |


<img src="https://github.com/bwalia/whitefalcon/blob/main/images/UpdateServer.png" alt="update server" width="600" height="350">


```http
  DELETE /api/servers/{id}
```
| Parameter | Description     | Response                |
| :-------- | :------- | :------------------------- |
| `id` | `Delets an existing server. ` | `Status Code:- 200 OK, deleted an existing server` |


<img src="https://github.com/bwalia/whitefalcon/blob/main/images/DeleteServer.png" alt="Delete server" width="600" height="350">



### Rules APIs

```http
  GET /api/rules
```
| Parameter | Description     | Response                |
| :-------- | :------- | :------------------------- |
| `none` | `Retrieves a list of all rules ` | `Status Code:- 200 OK, Returned a list of all rules data.` |


<img src="https://github.com/bwalia/whitefalcon/blob/main/images/GetAllRules.png" alt="Get rules" width="600" height="350">


```http
  GET /api/rules/{id}
```
| Parameter | Description     | Response                |
| :-------- | :------- | :------------------------- |
| `id` | `Retrieves information about a specific rule ` | `Status Code:- 200 OK, Returned information about a specific rule` |


<img src="https://github.com/bwalia/whitefalcon/blob/main/images/GetSingleRule.png" alt="Get single rule" width="600" height="350">


```http
  POST /api/rules
```
| Parameter | Description     | Response                |
| :-------- | :------- | :------------------------- |
| `Name, version and priority required in request body` | `Creates a new rule. ` | `Status Code:- 200 OK, Created a new rule` |


<img src="https://github.com/bwalia/whitefalcon/blob/main/images/images/CreateRule.png.png" alt="Create rule" width="600" height="350">


```http
  PUT /api/rules/{id}
```
| Parameter | Description     | Response                |
| :-------- | :------- | :------------------------- |
| `id` | `Updates an existing rule. ` | `Status Code:- 200 OK, Updated an existing rule` |


<img src="https://github.com/bwalia/whitefalcon/blob/main/images/images/images/UpdateRules.png" alt="Update rule" width="600" height="350">


```http
  DELETE /api/rules/{id}
```
| Parameter | Description     | Response                |
| :-------- | :------- | :------------------------- |
| `id` | `Delets an existing rule. ` | `Status Code:- 200 OK, deleted an existing rule` |


<img src="https://github.com/bwalia/whitefalcon/blob/main/images/DeleteRules.png" alt="Delete rule" width="600" height="350">


### Using Rules with Servers
##### We can apply multiple rules for any server for allow or disallow requests from specific IPs. To do this we can follow these steps :-

#### 1. Create a server.
<img src="https://github.com/bwalia/whitefalcon/blob/main/images/CreateServer.png" alt="Create_server" width="500" height="300">

#### 2. Create the Rule.
<img src="https://github.com/bwalia/whitefalcon/blob/main/images/CreateRule.png" alt="Create_rule_UI" width="500" height="300">

#### 3. Apply the rule to the server.
<img src="https://github.com/bwalia/whitefalcon/blob/main/images/AddingRuleToServer.png" alt="Add_rule_to Server" width="500" height="300">

#### 4. Check the response.
```http
GET   /(path)
```
<img src="https://github.com/bwalia/whitefalcon/blob/main/images/RulesResponse.png" alt="Browser response" width="500" height="300">

Commit message:

API reference guide corrected and now swagger page link added

README-api.md, after:


# Server and Rules APIs
This README file provides an overview and instructions for using the Servers And Rules APIs.We can utilize this document to consume these APIs using a tool like Postman.

## Authentication
The API uses API keys for authentication. To authenticate your requests, include your API key in the Authorization header as follows:
Authorization: Bearer YOUR_API_KEY

Use this API to get your API key with valid credentials: 
```http
/api/user/login
```
## Endpoints
The servers APIs provide the following endpoints:
```http
/api/servers
/api/servers/{id}
```

The rules APIs provide the following endpoints:
```http
api/rules
api/rules/{id}
```

## API Reference

### API reference overview can be found below. In order to understand the structure of the API we suggest you to visit our Swagger API reference guide and you can try it out in actual API env:

`Dev env swagger page`
`http://localhost:8081/swagger/`

`Test env swagger page`
`https://test.whitefalcon.io/swagger/`

`Prod env swagger page`
`https://www.whitefalcon.io/swagger/`

### Server APIs

```http 
  GET /api/servers
```
| Parameter | Description     | Response                |
| :-------- | :------- | :------------------------- |
| `none` | `Retrieves a list of all servers ` | `Status Code:- 200 OK, Returned a list of all servers data.` |


<img src="https://github.com/bwalia/whitefalcon/blob/main/images/GetAllServers.png" alt="Get servers" width="600" height="350">


```http
  GET /api/servers/{id}
```
| Parameter | Description     | Response                |
| :-------- | :------- | :------------------------- |
| `id` | `Retrieves information about a specific server ` | `Status Code:- 200 OK, Returned information about a specific server` |


<img src="https://github.com/bwalia/whitefalcon/blob/main/images/GetSingleServer.png" alt="Get single server" width="600" height="350">


```http
  POST /api/servers/
```
| Parameter | Description     | Response                |
| :-------- | :------- | :------------------------- |
| `Listen, server_name required in request body` | `Creates a new server. ` | `Status Code:- 200 OK, Created a new server` |


<img src="https://github.com/bwalia/whitefalcon/blob/main/images/CreateServer.png" alt="create server" width="600" height="350">


```http
  PUT /api/servers/{id}
```
| Parameter | Description     | Response                |
| :-------- | :------- | :------------------------- |
| `id` | `Updates an existing server. ` | `Status Code:- 200 OK, Updated an existing server` |


<img src="https://github.com/bwalia/whitefalcon/blob/main/images/UpdateServer.png" alt="update server" width="600" height="350">


```http
  DELETE /api/servers/{id}
```
| Parameter | Description     | Response                |
| :-------- | :------- | :------------------------- |
| `id` | `Delets an existing server. ` | `Status Code:- 200 OK, deleted an existing server` |


<img src="https://github.com/bwalia/whitefalcon/blob/main/images/DeleteServer.png" alt="Delete server" width="600" height="350">



### Rules APIs

```http
  GET /api/rules
```
| Parameter | Description     | Response                |
| :-------- | :------- | :------------------------- |
| `none` | `Retrieves a list of all rules ` | `Status Code:- 200 OK, Returned a list of all rules data.` |


<img src="https://github.com/bwalia/whitefalcon/blob/main/images/GetAllRules.png" alt="Get rules" width="600" height="350">


```http
  GET /api/rules/{id}
```
| Parameter | Description     | Response                |
| :-------- | :------- | :------------------------- |
| `id` | `Retrieves information about a specific rule ` | `Status Code:- 200 OK, Returned information about a specific rule` |


<img src="https://github.com/bwalia/whitefalcon/blob/main/images/GetSingleRule.png" alt="Get single rule" width="600" height="350">


```http
  POST /api/rules
```
| Parameter | Description     | Response                |
| :-------- | :------- | :------------------------- |
| `Name, version and priority required in request body` | `Creates a new rule. ` | `Status Code:- 200 OK, Created a new rule` |


<img src="https://github.com/bwalia/whitefalcon/blob/main/images/images/CreateRule.png.png" alt="Create rule" width="600" height="350">


```http
  PUT /api/rules/{id}
```
| Parameter | Description     | Response                |
| :-------- | :------- | :------------------------- |
| `id` | `Updates an existing rule. ` | `Status Code:- 200 OK, Updated an existing rule` |


<img src="https://github.com/bwalia/whitefalcon/blob/main/images/images/images/UpdateRules.png" alt="Update rule" width="600" height="350">


```http
  DELETE /api/rules/{id}
```
| Parameter | Description     | Response                |
| :-------- | :------- | :------------------------- |
| `id` | `Delets an existing rule. ` | `Status Code:- 200 OK, deleted an existing rule` |


<img src="https://github.com/bwalia/whitefalcon/blob/main/images/DeleteRules.png" alt="Delete rule" width="600" height="350">


### Using Rules with Servers
##### We can apply multiple rules for any server for allow or disallow requests from specific IPs. To do this we can follow these steps :-

#### 1. Create a server.
<img src="https://github.com/bwalia/whitefalcon/blob/main/images/CreateServer.png" alt="Create_server" width="500" height="300">

#### 2. Create the Rule.
<img src="https://github.com/bwalia/whitefalcon/blob/main/images/CreateRule.png" alt="Create_rule_UI" width="500" height="300">

#### 3. Apply the rule to the server.
<img src="https://github.com/bwalia/whitefalcon/blob/main/images/AddingRuleToServer.png" alt="Add_rule_to Server" width="500" height="300">

#### 4. Check the response.
```http
GET   /(path)
```
<img src="https://github.com/bwalia/whitefalcon/blob/main/images/RulesResponse.png" alt="Browser response" width="500" height="300">
